optimize concatenation of centroids (#989)
CLIMADA-project/climada_python: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - `climada.hazard.centroids.centr.union` and `climada.hazard.centroids.centr.append`[#989](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/pull/989). Results: computing windfields is 10 times faster.
>   - `union` does not iterate anymore over `append` but calls directly `append` with the entire list of centroids objects.
>   - `append` concatenate centroids only once, when all centroids have been appended, instead of concatenating after every centroid is appended.

Reviewer: Please merge these into a single change like
```suggestion
- `Centroids.append` now takes multiple arguments and provides a performance boost when doing so [#989](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/pull/989)
```
You can then add another point to "Fixed" with:
```
- Resolved an issue where windspeed computation was much slower than in Climada v3 [#989](https://github.com/CLIMADA-project/climada_python/pull/989)
```
